Victor Torrence Key has discovered the
perfect actress who is Simone we know so
little about her hide her forever
Simone appears only when I want her to
appear she's beautiful she's talented
why are we here she's virtually perfect
star is digitized are you ever gonna
tell the truth about me you're gonna
tell the truth about you after your next
picture I've never really seen Simone up
close have you I will be checking in a
very special guest she must not be
disturbed at any time for any reason
whatsoever that you Simone I'm right
here beside you
I borrowed Victor's car what do you do
you keep her locked in a block somewhere
what happen we dusted that whole hotel
suite what about the fingerprints
nothing this summer you're gonna get in
a lot of trouble mr. Dorrance key what
do you have to bring that up comes a
story about the illusion of reality the
winner of Best Actress so much I want to
thank my co-stars and the studio corks
thank you why didn't she thank you did
she know and the lies that have a life
of their off what's the matter Victor he
looks so sad
it'll be a little change in plans the
one she faced didn't love you happiness
but swear I made some over Victor she
made you destroy you from the creator of
The Truman Show don't you love me
anymore she's in destructive
Al Pacino Simo never
you